{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww4920\viewh19040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 img:
\b0 \
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/Ericsatie.jpg/1200px-Ericsatie.jpg\
\

\b text:
\b0 \
<li>\'c9ric Alfred Leslie Satie was an highly-laudable front-runner of the Parisien avant-garde in the early 1900s. Refusing the title of <em>musician</em>, Satie insisted he was instead a <em>phonometrician</em>\'97\'93one who measures sound\'94.</li>\
\
<li>Satie\'92s grandest contributions to the musical world were perhaps his <a href=\'93https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-Xm7s9eGxU\'94 target=\'93_blank\'94>Gymnop\'e9dies</em>, which certainly merit a good few hundred listens.</li>\
\
<li>He was also a prolific writer, contributing much to the Dadaist movement. In his early career, he was fond of pseudonyms, using such flowery noms de plume as Francois de Paule and Virginie Lebeau.</li>\
\
<li>He also lived at one time in Montmartre, which is a fun name to try to pronounce and also historically a veritable hotbed of fascinating thinkers and creators in Paris. You should probably travel to there, buddy. I\'92ve been there. It\'92s nice.</li>\
\
<li>Satie died a vainglorious death, ascribed largely to his voluminous appetite for absinthe. This ascription is weighted by tremendous cirrhosis of his liver discovered after his death. His legacy is a small plaque denoting a modest grass patch front an apartment building as the \'93Parc Erik Satie\'94.</li>\
\
<li>Ten out of ten dentists with very good taste in classical music recommend checking out Satie\'92s <a href=\'93http://www.classical-music.com/article/six-best-satie-works\'94>music in more detail</a> or <a href=\'93https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Satie\'94>reading about his life</a>.</li>\
\

\b quote:\

\b0 \'93I am by far your superior, but my notorious modesty prevents me from saying so.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  Erik Satie}